 
1. A technique in which a process, executing an application, is divided into threads that can run concurrently is called:(1.0分)
A.Symmetric multiprocessing (SMP)
B.Multiprocessing
C.Multithreading
D.None of the above
2. Which of the following major line of computer system development created problems in timing and synchronization that contributed to the development of the concept of the process?(1.0分)
A.Time sharing systems
B.Multiprogramming batch operation systems
C.Real time transaction systems
D.All of the above
3. Operating systems must evolve over time because(1.0分)
A.New hardware is designed and implemented in the computer system
B.Users will only purchase software that has a current copyright date
C.Hardware must be replaced when it fails
D.All of the above
4. The principle objective of a time sharing, multiprogramming system is to(1.0分)
A.Maximize processor use
B.Maximize response time
C.Provide exclusive access to hardware
D.None of the above
5. A computer hardware feature that is vital to the effective operation of a multiprogramming operating system is:(1.0分)
A.Very large memory
B.I/O interrupts and DMA
C.Multiple processors
D.All of the above
6. An example of a hardware feature that is desirable in a batch-processing system is(1.0分)
A.Privileged instructions
B.Large clock cycles
C.A completely accessible memory area
D.None of the above
7. The operating system is unusual in it’s role as a control mechanism, in that:(1.0分)
A.It never relinquishes control of the system processor
B.It frequently relinquishes control of the system processor and must depend on the processor to regain control of the system
C.It runs on a special processor, completely separated from the rest of the system
D.None of the above
8. A primary objective of an operating system is:(1.0分)
A.Efficiency
B.Convenience
C.Ability to evolve
D.All of the above
9. WIN2K supports several types of user applications, including:(1.0分)
A.System 10
B.Linux
C.WIN32
D.None of the above
10. The operating system provides many types of services to end-users, programmers and system designers, including:(1.0分)
A.Error detection and response
B.Built-in user applications
C.Relational database capabilities with the internal file system
D.All of the above
11. A common problem with full-featured operating systems, due to their size and difficulty of the tasks they address, is:(1.0分)
A.Latent bugs that show up in the field
B.Chronically late in delivery
C.Sub-par performance
D.All of the above
12. Key to the success of Linux has been it’s character as a free software package available under the auspices of the:(1.0分)
A.World Wide Web Consortium
B.Berkeley Software Distribution
C.Free Software Foundation
D.None of the above
13. Which of the following major line of computer system development created problems in timing and synchronization that contributed to the development of the concept of the process?(1.0分)
A.Real time transaction systems
B.Time sharing systems
C.Multiprogramming batch operation systems
D.All of the above
14. A major problem with early serial processing systems was:(1.0分)
A.Lack of input devices
B.Setup time
C.Inability to get hardcopy output
D.All of the above
15. Relative to information protection and security in computer systems, access control typically refers to:(1.0分)
A.The flow of data within the system
B.Proving that security mechanisms perform according to specification
C.Regulating user and process access to various aspects of the system
D.None of the above
16. The paging system in a memory management system provides for dynamic mapping between a virtual address used in a program and:(1.0分)
A.A virtual address in main memory
B.A real address in a program
C.A real address in main memory
D.None of the above
